hey oh how you doing tonight was on
Facebook today kind of chatting back and
forth with Jimmy foster he had a picture
posted of a cat can stove that he uses
when he's camping out and I was telling
him about this one it's also a cat cat
food can the outside can hear and then
it's got carbon felt wrapped around that
inside can now that inside can pull it
out here is it tomato paste can Jimmy I
got ask forgiveness whether I lied to
you I told you it was an autocannon it's
not if the tomato paste can one of the
little small ones
now you gotta cut the bottom off of it
and cut it you just measure so it's
about a quarter inch above that the
heights of that that cat food can there
now you don't have to drill holes in
this cat food can either just leave it
alone
this one here you cut off and you see
I've caught little notches in the bottom
and that's to allow the alcohol when you
pour it in here to leach out into the
carbon felt and there's a wick up
through the carbon felt in the bunk put
that back down in there without messing
it up at carbon post you get it over to
Home Depot or Lowe's either one it's
kind of expensive though but you can use
house insulation in here too photos so
it doesn't have to be carbon felt just
to kind you put in your walls they're
just about insulation you can put it
down in there too I see how that's cut
there's about a quarter inch maybe three
3/8 of both heights that cat food can
enact that exigency in here too now the
advantage Sisto is the fact two holes
not being on the outside that doesn't
those tend to burn out and up
this burns right here at the top of this
carbon felt so it's concentrated right
up under your can or your pot for your
bottle whatever you got it for cooking
in and take about two ounces of the
nature to have a home for that inside
container there and it'll burn for about
close to 15 minutes and she'll world
water pretty quick it boiled water
probably in four to five minutes
two cup pot of water so it's real
efficient real efficient little stove
they hold elf well I've had these I've
used for two years before I've had to
replace them so hopefully you know
someone that has a cat like spaghetti
now wait get your cans for free with if
not it's not really a whole lot to put
into it like I say the carbon felts a
little expensive but again you can use
just regular batt insulation inside
there too and that Oh acts as a wick
also so I just thought I'd post just
share with you guys god bless us all
hope the Lord is good to you and we'll
be talking to you keep your tinder dry
I'll buy